Add support for opa-versions and sentinel-versions admin Api (#758)
hashicorp/go-tfe: CHANGELOG.md

# UNRELEASED
## Features

> * Add `OpaVersion` and `SentinelVersion` admin endpoints by @mrinalirao [#758](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-tfe/pull/758)

Reviewer: Use `OPA` throughout since it's an acronym (Example: `AdminOPAVersions`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `AdminOPAVersions` and `AdminSentinelVersion` Terraform Enterprise admin endpoints by @mrinalirao [#758](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-tfe/pull/758)
```
